the Nemo Tama the award by the stag
international company for the Most
Improved Player of the Year now if I
maybe take you back to South America to
Venezuela earlier this year you won the
junior boys singles title now in your
rate of improvement how much confidence
did it give you within that title in
valencia in northern Venezuela I think
it gave me a lot of confidence because I
never had a ittf words inner secret at
title before and I think that that make
me meet my confidence go up now we spoke
about the team Eve an eighth place for
Brazil nippy England dma that didn't
help me but in the singles through to
the third round of the boys singles
event and I think that must be the the
furthest a Brazilian player has been
what you feel was pretty good about you
for in those first two rounds I wouldn't
expect to chew getting between the in
and round of 16 and I'm very surprised I
was just trying to play my best and it
it was incredible just a churchie rich
and round of 16 well last 16 in the
world is a tremendous achievement but if
we could look back 12 months to
Cartagena if we can look back 12 months
to Colombia what would you say is the
greatest improvement that you've made in
the last year I think the greatest
improvement it was it was everything I
think I improved in everything service
and forehand backhand I i turn it alot
you every aspect what about mentally you
think you are now mentally stronger
mentally tougher more attuned to play in
the big
competition yes I think I played many
competitions this year gave me
confidence to play this tournament very
well and I i was i just tried to give my
best i was playing really really strong
too and try to to beat some some good
players will you beat some very very
good players and certainly made progress
certainly you've helped Latin America
and Brazil with your efforts here
congratulations to Danny Latimer Staggs
Most Improved Player of the Year